com/apparence/camerawesome/CameraPermissions.java
 com.apparence.camerawesome.CameraPermissions
com/apparence/camerawesome/CameraPictureStates.java
 com.apparence.camerawesome.CameraPictureStates
com/apparence/camerawesome/image/ImgConverter.java
 com.apparence.camerawesome.image.ImgConverter
com/apparence/camerawesome/CamerawesomePlugin.java
 com.apparence.camerawesome.CamerawesomePlugin
 com.apparence.camerawesome.CamerawesomePlugin$1
 com.apparence.camerawesome.CamerawesomePlugin$2
com/apparence/camerawesome/CameraStateManager.java
 com.apparence.camerawesome.CameraStateManager
 com.apparence.camerawesome.CameraStateManager$OnCameraState
com/apparence/camerawesome/BuildConfig.java
 com.apparence.camerawesome.BuildConfig
com/apparence/camerawesome/CameraSetup.java
 com.apparence.camerawesome.CameraSetup
 com.apparence.camerawesome.CameraSetup$1
com/apparence/camerawesome/exceptions/CameraManagerException.java
 com.apparence.camerawesome.exceptions.CameraManagerException
 com.apparence.camerawesome.exceptions.CameraManagerException$Codes
com/apparence/camerawesome/sensors/SensorOrientationListener.java
 com.apparence.camerawesome.sensors.SensorOrientationListener
com/apparence/camerawesome/surface/SurfaceFactory.java
 com.apparence.camerawesome.surface.SurfaceFactory
com/apparence/camerawesome/image/YuvToJpgConverter.java
 com.apparence.camerawesome.image.YuvToJpgConverter
com/apparence/camerawesome/sensors/LuminosityNotifier.java
 com.apparence.camerawesome.sensors.LuminosityNotifier
com/apparence/camerawesome/CameraSettingsManager.java
 com.apparence.camerawesome.CameraSettingsManager
 com.apparence.camerawesome.CameraSettingsManager$CameraSettings
 com.apparence.camerawesome.CameraSettingsManager$CameraSettingsHandler
com/apparence/camerawesome/exceptions/CameraPreviewException.java
 com.apparence.camerawesome.exceptions.CameraPreviewException
 com.apparence.camerawesome.exceptions.CameraPreviewException$Codes
com/apparence/camerawesome/sensors/BasicLuminosityNotifier.java
 com.apparence.camerawesome.sensors.BasicLuminosityNotifier
 com.apparence.camerawesome.sensors.BasicLuminosityNotifier$1
com/apparence/camerawesome/CameraSensor.java
 com.apparence.camerawesome.CameraSensor
com/apparence/camerawesome/CameraPreview.java
 com.apparence.camerawesome.CameraPreview
 com.apparence.camerawesome.CameraPreview$1
 com.apparence.camerawesome.CameraPreview$2
 com.apparence.camerawesome.CameraPreview$2$1
 com.apparence.camerawesome.CameraPreview$2$1$1
 com.apparence.camerawesome.CameraPreview$3
com/apparence/camerawesome/CameraPicture.java
 com.apparence.camerawesome.CameraPicture
 com.apparence.camerawesome.CameraPicture$1
 com.apparence.camerawesome.CameraPicture$2
 com.apparence.camerawesome.CameraPicture$3
 com.apparence.camerawesome.CameraPicture$4
 com.apparence.camerawesome.CameraPicture$OnImageResult
com/apparence/camerawesome/surface/FlutterSurfaceFactory.java
 com.apparence.camerawesome.surface.FlutterSurfaceFactory
com/apparence/camerawesome/models/FlashMode.java
 com.apparence.camerawesome.models.FlashMode
com/apparence/camerawesome/sensors/SensorOrientation.java
 com.apparence.camerawesome.sensors.SensorOrientation
com/apparence/camerawesome/image/ImgConverterThreaded.java
 com.apparence.camerawesome.image.ImgConverterThreaded
 com.apparence.camerawesome.image.ImgConverterThreaded$1
 com.apparence.camerawesome.image.ImgConverterThreaded$Consumer
com/apparence/camerawesome/CameraSession.java
 com.apparence.camerawesome.CameraSession
 com.apparence.camerawesome.CameraSession$1
 com.apparence.camerawesome.CameraSession$OnCaptureSession
com/apparence/camerawesome/models/CameraCharacteristicsModel.java
 com.apparence.camerawesome.models.CameraCharacteristicsModel
 com.apparence.camerawesome.models.CameraCharacteristicsModel$Builder
